<!-- RATING: MEDIUM -->
<!-- NAME: CAESAR UNCHAINED MEDIUM -->
##Caesar Unchained

A Caesar Cipher is a subset of Rot-X ciphers, where every character is replaced with 3 characters up in the alphabet, wrapping around if necessary.
For example, A would be replace with D, B would be replaced with E, Y would be replaced with B, and Z would be replaced with C.
Simple enough. So let's make things a little more complicated.
We assign each letter in the alphabet a number as follows:

	A -> 1
	B -> 2
	.
	.
	.
	Y -> 25
	Z -> 26 

We define a Chained Caesar Cipher as follows:
For the first character to be encrypted, we use a normal Caesar encryption, replacing the character with 3 characters up.
For the second character to be encrypted, we replace the character with X characters up, where X is the number assigned to the character resulting from the first encryption. 
For each successive character, we replace it with the letter of the alphabet X characters up, where X is the value for the result of the previous encryption.

Example: We encrypt the word TEST.

	Step 1:  T -> W  (First character, so we use a normal Caesar encryption. W is 3 characters up from T)
	Step 2:  E -> B  (W, the result of step 1, has a value of 23. B is 23 characters after E)
	Step 3:  S -> U  (B, the result of step 2, has a value of 2. U is 2 characters up from S)
	Step 4:  T -> O  (U, the result of step 3, has a value of 21. O is 21 characters up from T)


##INPUT
Each file will contain 1 or more input lines containing a string of uppercase letters, spaces, and punctuation representing a ciphertext generated by the Chained Caesar Cipher algorithm.
ONLY letters are affected by the encryption, you should skip punctuation and spaces and print them out as is.  

	A -> 1, Z-> 26

Assume that the string starts in column 1 and will not exceed column 40,

##The Output
Print out the decrypted message

## Sample Input 1

	WRNKIHHIKNR
	#

## Sample Output 1

	TUVWXYZABCD

## Sample Input 2

	WENG PI J DIBV.
	#

## Sample Output 2

	THIS IS A TEST.


